Time is a flat circle. Our lives begin on the edge of that disc and we revolve around and around. I hope you like the view from where you're sitting, because you're going to see it again and again. But history doesn't repeat - it only rhymes. Each revolution brings us around to where we were again, except we've moved a bit. We have the experience of the journey, and can see where we were on our last trip around. We can look back out of the circle back to the edge where we began to see the beginnings of others. Our journey from the edge to the center as we orbit it... That's a spiral. A shape we see often in nature. In fact, you probably see it every day. I know I do. As I stand at the sink and watch the water flow around into the dark void of the drain. And so, in essence, we're all circling the drain. Enjoying our trip around and around until we also return to the dark void of the Great Hereafter... We cannot correct our errors. They have already been made. If you choose to leave the world a better place than you came to it, then all you can do is examine those errors. See them for what they really are. Then leave a message for those earlier in their journey. But this is easier said than done. Perspective is difficult to maintain. The truth is often right in front of us, but we miss it because we're blinded by... Pick your poison. Hubris. Fear. Righteousness. Or just the petty distractions we create to avoid the existential crisis that comes, when left alone too long with our thoughts, with the irresistible urge to turn around to look at how quickly we're nearing the edge of the drain and how deep and dark the void really is...

Check out this cool optical illusion I found!

MD5 checksum 5C210367D7F4AA13C834EC73AE947994
